Hello everyone, I’m Jakesteramma with BroCo
Gaming.
I’m going to show you how I farm Doc Mercy.
We’ll be going after Doc Mercy’s only
prize, the Infinity Pistol.
The Infinity pistol is certainly not something
you’d be using for damage purposes but it
can still come in handy in certain situations.
In order to farm Doc Mercy, you’ll need
to complete and turn in the mission “Medical
Mystery” that you get from Dr. Zed in Sanctuary.
Now that we’ve turned in the mission, let’s
head to Three Horns Valley and take him out.
Since we’re farming, we’ll want to take
him out as quick as possible.
So I’m going to use the geyser to quickly
get to him.
You’ll want to wait until the geyser has
gone off and quick run up to the geyser and
look down.
You want to position yourself directly over
this spot.
Next, wait until the geyser goes off and as
soon as it does run forward and aim for this
spot on the wall.
If you don’t push forward soon enough, you
won’t reach this spot and you’ll fall
down.
As soon as you’re up here, I like to take
a lobbed singularity grenade like a Quasar
and place it right here on the jawbone.
Most of the time, this will pull Doc Mercy
off the ramp and it’ll expose his back to
you allowing you to do a lot of damage without
his shield in the way because that shield
is frickin annoying.
Make sure get him slagged and then take him
out.
If you’re using Maya, you have the added
ability to phase lock him either before or
after you use the grenade if you even use
the grenade.
With Axton, you can distract him with your
turrets and Zero can deception and Kunai for
added damage.
And if you ever find yourself in Fight for
Your Life when battling Doc Mercy, it’s
a good idea to have a Nukem with you.
You can shoot a round over the edge and hopefully
you’ll kill a Skag for Second Wind.
After you kill Doc Mercy, make sure you thoroughly
check the area for the Infinity.
Doc Mercy tends to fling his loot all over
the place and there are a lot of nooks and
crannies where weapons can hide.
And finally, the last thing to do after killing
Doc Mercy, is go back to where the Skags are
and check for Tubby Skags.
Every once in a while you’ll find one and
you can score some sweet loot from them.
Doc will drop normal versions of the pistol
and elemental versions except for slag.
This is definitely not a powerful pistol but
it can do some decent damage when it’s combined
with The Bee Shield, the Sheriff’s Badge
Relic, and the right class mod and skill tree
to increase gun damage and fire rate as much
as possible.
Also, it’s the best to have a fire rate
of at least 9.
Now one of the best uses for the Infinity
is to conserve ammo during extensive battles
such as farming Vermivorous.
It works great for agitating Varkids while
leveling them up.
If you want to see how my bro Oxmonkey does
that, just click this link for his Farming
Vermivorous video.
It’s also useful when farming Voracidous
with the under the arena glitch.
So that’s how I farm Doc Mercy and use the
Infinty Pistol.
Thanks for watching everyone!
Please Like this video as it really helps
us out.
Subscribe for more videos.
Follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
And good luck farming.
This is Jakesteramma signing off.